Yes this time is gnu time system is yes
It is as the title this time is jade How to make notes and play color notes
I would like
a
Actually it is bad for me
Well trout I recently but I'm making a note to the tidal flats m or shower professional reamer
I can print it now because I can do it I want to explain my method from now on how to make it
I think that
It's really easy, isn't it really useful for people who do n't know it?
I think only this time
a is
I think it would be nice to give
I do it by software combination, but it is super easy and can be done free of charge
It 's kind of like it 's good to be free, but if you 're confused it's
It was really easy though
Really really it's a good boy now
Well you talk I would like to say in the longer but First Nehito one of Saito Naas
Use the site of the instrument me that you should introduce
I use one more software
Like described while watching the screen so I do not know I went in cattle
Bring out the have you Yes So is it breath
Launch software called Code Pad
Since this has come up, such a screen comes out
a And you're a kid right here
It is this after to become either a good to hear
they total immature and it is better here Gakki
Click this instrument meo
Then from this
Since there is the previous site, my own
want to change
What will happen
In guy that consumed during or not TiVo
Before poll t-bolan
This is because I do not know young children recently
by admin
Of entering t-bolan
I do not think after talking
But it Yes Well was able to
I do not want to separate the sound
Wakana it to the bottom
If a voice comes out, a nice flat comes out ep platt comes out
About b Grand is also
Comes out by radio
That's why-it was difficult
Then I should do something else later
There was a while ago when I went to Meiko
Around -3
I that say
Now a simple structure where to transfer not suck
scene
agd
Iwashie what
fg Shinden
Well now if replacement two dogs
How is this
That
As it is always called either on but it is or is
Theory
Send one chord score
I It is Then
It's showy black of such village
So this is
All
I will choose
And 4 p will not
I support you
Then this time
It's mole or you set up a word to bring up the dark word in the case of I
And after this
Is it true that it is okay
But it is worse
The rest is about 16
Follow
Paste this
Yes
It had been sleep arrived there
So you can do this as well
9 format special price should be changed, but if this is a child , it is all here
Fun even if 1676
It just below is considerably this made in this that will line
In a place that does not need a person of hereabouts will erase all
never
What one Doggy Doggy Doggy Nde
Seed it has any such feeling
That is my way of saying
It's been a while
If you are far away, select all
From the south music
In the fixed value of the instructor and the fixed value roughly in about two weeks
The other is in about 10 Then 9 this is I think you born a little bit colder
I even a little stuffed
Yeah I think
I thought that I'll make in this kind of wind
Hmm It is this coverage towards me
I 'm turning red
Someone who is easy to understand
I do not change the color
I will not do all this
Hmm
To feel like this
It is easy if we made I'm
There is a little bit of it, but in the first place Aaron does not have to change its color
I think that I can do this if I print as it is
This visit with love
Yes this is mine
Which was
I am
Yes how this is really
It's easier if you can do this
It is this I a blur body sold I had been by letter
You can do it with copy and paste
Hey, I wonder comfortable by large say I
In the even everyone space to increase the repertoire I think you a hard time really if you do not know the truth
Please try it
It is exciting is j is doing
For those of you who are looking at the video secretly how to make in the visualization head
We are
Well then
Thank you for your subscription
There was an up-time